.\" Manpage for C_sources.
.\" Contact felix.jacob@epitech.eu .in to correct errors or typos.
.TH man 1 " 2014" "1.0" "lem_in man page"

              '=.
             '=. \\
                \\ \\
             _,-=\\/=._         _.-\,_
            /         \\       /=-._ '-.
           |=-./~\\___/~\\     /     `-._\\
           |   \\0/   \\0/    /          /
            \\_   ;~~~;/    /  LEM_IN  /
              `~,._,-'    /          /
                 | |      =-._      /
             _,-=/ \\=-._     /|`-._/
           //           \\   )\\
          /|             |)_.\'/
         //|             |\\_.'   _.-\\
        (|  \\           /    _.\\`=    \\
        ||   ':_    _.;'_.-;'   _.-=.:
     _-.'/    / \`-.'\_.'        =-_.;\\
    \`-_./   /             _.-=.    / \\\\
           |              =-_.;\\ .'   \\\\
           \\                   \\\\/     \\\\
           /\\_                .\\'\\\\     \\\\
          //  `=_         _.-'   \\\\      \\\\
         //      `~-.=\`'\`'       ||      ||
         ||    _.-_/|            ||      |\\_.-_
     _.-_/|   /_.-._/            |\\_.-_  \\_.-._\\
    /_.-._/                      \\_.-._\\

.SH NAME
lem_in

.SH SYNOPSIS

.P
\fB./lem_in\fR < <\fIfile\fR>
.P
.SH DESCRIPTION

	\fITHE_PROGRAM\fR:

		this program reads in the standard input the description of an anthill. the file is written in this way:
.br
			-the number of ants;
.br
			-the rooms;
.br
			-the pipes;
.br
		the purpose of this program is to get all the ant anthill's entrance At the exit with minimum turn.
.br

	\fIDATA_OF_FILE\fR:

		- data of the rooms are the \fIname_of_the_room\fR and after the coordinates \fIX\fR and \fIY\fR
.br
		- data of the pipes are the links between the rooms.
.br
		- if the line start by '#' only, it's just a comment. But if the line start by '##', you change the characteristic of the next line. '##' is the symbol for a order.
.br
		- there are two obligatory command for the rooms:
.br
			\fI##start\fR: it indicates the first room.
.br
			\fI##end\fR: it indicates the last room.
.br

	\fIWARNING\fR:
.br

		- in the file there are only one \fI##start\fR and one \fI##end\fR
.br
		- the order of the data of the file s only as it's presented before. 
.SH SEE ALSO
No related manpage.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
No known bugs.
.br
Report ./lem_in bugs to felix.jacob@epitech.eu
.SH AUTHOR
jacob_f
